*   [TWS API](../index.md)
*   [TWS API Documentation](index.md)
*   [13 Synchronous API](13-sync-api.md)
*   [13.15 Portfolio](13.15-sync-portfolio.md)

### Portfolio

Request portfolio details for the selected account or accounts available to the user.

### 13.15 Portfolio

**account\_code:** String. The accountID to pull portfolio information for. If an empty string is passed, all accounts are requested.

**timeout:** Integer. A default value of 10 seconds is supplied.

#### )

app.get\_portfolio("")

#### Response Object

{  
{Account ID}: List. List of all contracts  
\[{

**contract:** [Contract Object](16.01-contract-object.md). Contract to trade.

**position:** Decimal. The total number of shares held in the account.

**marketPrice:** Float. The current market price of the instrument.

**marketValue:** Float. The current value of the total position.

**averageCost:** Float. The average price across executions for the position.

**unrealizedPNL:** Float. The unrealized profit and loss for the instrument.

**realizedPNL:** Float. The realized profit and loss for the instrument.

**accountName:** String. The account identifier that holds the given position.

}\]  
 

\[{'contract': 1957652380880: ConId: 265598, Symbol: AAPL, SecType: STK, LastTradeDateOrContractMonth: , Strike: 0, Right: , Multiplier: , Exchange: ISLAND, PrimaryExchange: , Currency: USD, LocalSymbol: AAPL, TradingClass: NMS, IncludeExpired: False, SecIdType: , SecId: , Description: , IssuerId: Combo:, 'position': Decimal('202635'), 'marketPrice': 258.57998655, 'marketValue': 52397355.58, 'averageCost': 263.3360764, 'unrealizedPNL': -963750.26, 'realizedPNL': 0.0, 'accountName': 'DU5240685'}\]