*   [TWS API](../index.md)
*   [TWS API Documentation](index.md)
*   [13 Synchronous API](13-sync-api.md)
*   [13.11 Cancel Order](13.11-sync-cancel-order.md)

### Cancel Order

### 13.11 Cancel Order

**order\_id:** Integer. Identifier for the order to cancel. Retrieved from the original [Order Placement](13.10-sync-place-order.md) or [get\_open\_orders()](13.12-sync-open-orders.md).

**order:** [OrderCancel Object](../twsapi-ref/25-ordercancel-ref.md). Order cancellation parameters.

**timeout:** Integer. A default value of 3 seconds is supplied.

#### )

app.cancel\_order\_sync(347, OrderCancel())

Upon cancellingan order, a dictionary containing all of the order status’s information will be returned. As the response is static, refer to the [get\_open\_orders](13.12-sync-open-orders.md) function more more details on the current order status.

#### Response Object

{

**orderId:** Integer. The identifier for the order. Relevant for order tracking, modification, and cancellation.

**status:** String. The current status of the order. See [Order Status](26.05.01-order-status-message.md) for more details.

**filled:** Decimal. The total quantity of executed shares for the order.

**remaining:** Decimal. The total quantity of shares that have yet to execute for the order.

**avgFillPrice:** Float. The average execution price across fills.

**permId:** Integer. The permanent identifier for the order. This is calculated based on orderId and client ID for internal order tracking.

**parentId:** Integer. The orderId for the parent of this contract. Will return 0 unless trading a [bracket](/campus/ibkr-api-page/order-types/#bracket-orders) or [OCA](/campus/ibkr-api-page/order-types/#one-cancels-all-orders) order.

**lastFillPrice:** Float. The price of the most recent execution for the order.

**clientId:** Integer. The identifier for which client ID the order was placed through. Orders can only be cancelled or modified by their on the [clientId](27.06-modify-order.md) they are bound to.

**whyHeld:** String. In the event an order is held instead of being transmitted, the reason will be documented here.

**mktCapPrice:** Float. If an order is capped due to it exceeding the market price and the price is automatically modified, the modified price will be returned. Otherwise 0.0 is displayed.

}

{'orderId': 347, 'status': 'PendingCancel', 'filled': Decimal('0'), 'remaining': Decimal('100'), 'avgFillPrice': 0.0, 'permId': 1395073938, 'parentId': 0, 'lastFillPrice': 0.0, 'clientId': 8675309, 'whyHeld': '', 'mktCapPrice': 0.0}