*   [TWS API](../index.md)
*   [TWS API Documentation](index.md)
*   [13 Synchronous API](13-sync-api.md)
*   [13.10 Place Order](13.10-sync-place-order.md)

### Place Order

### 13.10 Place Order

**contract:** [Contract Object](16.01-contract-object.md). Contract to trade.

**order:** [Order Object](27.01-order-object.md). Order parameters to be traded.

**timeout:** Integer. Uses default timeout value passed to TWSSyncClass. Please be aware the timeout is only relevant for the response details. The order will submit in accordance with the order object’s details.

#### )

contract = Contract()
    contract.symbol = "AAPL"
    contract.secType = "STK"
    contract.exchange = "SMART"
    contract.primaryExchange = "NASDAQ"
    contract.currency = "USD"
    
    order = Order()
    order.action = "BUY"
    order.orderType = "LMT"
    order.totalQuantity = 100
    order.lmtPrice = 250
    
    app.place\_order\_sync(contract, order)

Upon placing an order, a dictionary containing all of the order status’s information will be returned. As the response is static, refer to the [get\_open\_orders](13.12-sync-open-orders.md) function more more details on the current order status.

#### Response Object

{  
orderId: Integer. The identifier for the order. Relevant for order tracking, modification, and cancellation.  
status: String. The current status of the order. See [Order Status](26.05.01-order-status-message.md) for more details.  
filled: Decimal. The total quantity of executed shares for the order.  
remaining: Decimal. The total quantity of shares that have yet to execute for the order.  
avgFillPrice: Float. The average execution price across fills.  
permId: Integer. The permanent identifier for the order. This is calculated based on orderId and client ID for internal order tracking.  
parentId: Integer. The orderId for the parent of this contract. Will return 0 unless trading a [bracket or](/campus/ibkr-api-page/order-types/#bracket-orders) [OCA](/campus/ibkr-api-page/order-types/#one-cancels-all-orders) order.  
lastFillPrice: Float. The price of the most recent execution for the order.  
clientId: Integer. The identifier for which client ID the order was placed through. Orders can only be cancelled or modified by their on the [clientId they are bound to](27.06-modify-order.md).  
whyHeld: String. In the event an order is held instead of being transmitted, the reason will be documented here.  
mktCapPrice: Float. If an order is capped due to it exceeding the market price and the price is automatically modified, the modified price will be returned. Otherwise 0.0 is displayed.  
}  
 

{'orderId': 347, 'status': 'PreSubmitted', 'filled': Decimal('0'), 'remaining': Decimal('100'), 'avgFillPrice': 0.0, 'permId': 979867961, 'parentId': 0, 'lastFillPrice': 0.0, 'clientId': 8675309, 'whyHeld': '', 'mktCapPrice': 0.0}