*   [TWS API](../index.md)
*   [TWS API Documentation](index.md)
*   [21 Market Data: Historical](21-hist-md.md)
*   [21.03 Historical Bars](21.03-historical-bars.md)
*   [21.03.01 Requesting Historical Bars](21.03.01-requesting-historical-bars.md)

### Requesting Historical Bars

#### 21.03.01 Requesting Historical Bars

**reqId:** int, A unique identifier which will serve to identify the incoming data.

**contract:** Contract, The IBApi.Contract object you are working with.

**endDateTime:** String, The request’s end date and time. This should be formatted as “YYYYMMDD HH:mm:ss TMZ” or an empty string indicates current present moment).  
Please be aware that endDateTime must be left as an empty string when requesting continuous futures contracts.

**[durationStr:](21.03.02-hist-duration.md)** String, The amount of time (or Valid Duration String units) to go back from the request’s given end date and time.

**[barSizeSetting:](21.03.03-hist-bar-size.md)** String, The data’s granularity or Valid Bar Sizes

**[whatToShow:](21.04-historical-whattoshow.md)** String, The type of data to retrieve. See Historical Data Types

**useRTH:** bool, Whether (1) or not (0) to retrieve data generated only within Regular Trading Hours (RTH)

**[formatDate:](21.03.06-hist-format-date.md)** bool, The format in which the incoming bars’ date should be presented. Note that for day bars, only yyyyMMdd format is available.

**[keepUpToDate:](21.03.07-hist-keepUp-date.md)** bool, Whether a subscription is made to return updates of unfinished real time bars as they are available (True), or all data is returned on a one-time basis (False). If _True_, and endDateTime cannot be specified.  
Supported whatToShow values: Trades, Midpoint, Bid, Ask.

**chartOptions:** TagValueList, This is a field used exclusively for internal use.

)

self.reqHistoricalData(4102, contract, queryTime, "1 M", "1 day", "MIDPOINT", 1, 1, False, \[\])