*   [TWS API](../index.md)
*   [TWS API Documentation](index.md)
*   [22 Market Data: Live](22-live-md.md)
*   [22.08 Top of Book (L1)](22.08-watchlist-data.md)
*   [22.08.08 Re-Routing CFDs](22.08.08-re-route-cfds.md)

### Re-Routing CFDs

IB does not provide market data for certain types of instruments, such as stock CFDs and forex CFDs. If a stock CFD or forex CFD is entered into a TWS watchlist, TWS will automatically display market data for the underlying ticker and show a ‘U’ icon next to the instrument name to indicate that the data is for the underlying instrument.

From the API, when level 1 or level 2 market data is requested for a stock CFD or a forex CFD, a callback is made to the functions EWrapper.rerouteMktDataReq or EWrapper.rerouteMktDepthReq respectively with details about the underlying instrument in IB’s database which does have market data.

#### 22.08.08 Re-Routing CFDs

**reqId:** int. Request identifier used to track data.

**conId:** int. Contract identifier of the underlying instrument which has market data.

**exchange:** int. Primary exchange of the underlying.  
)

Returns conid and exchange for CFD market data request re-route.

def rerouteMktDataReq(self, reqId: int, conId: int, exchange: str):
    	print("Re-route market data request. ReqId:", reqId, "ConId:", conId, "Exchange:", exchange)

#### EWrapper.rerouteMktDepthReq (

**reqId:** int. Request identifier used to track data.

**conId:** int. Contract identifier of the underlying instrument which has market data.

**exchange:** int. Primary exchange of the underlying.  
)

Returns the conId and exchange for an underlying contract when a request is made for level 2 data for an instrument which does not have data in IB’s database. For example stock CFDs and index CFDs.

def rerouteMktDepthReq(self, reqId: int, conId: int, exchange: str):
    	print("Re-route market depth request. ReqId:", reqId, "ConId:", conId, "Exchange:", exchange)