*   [TWS API](../index.md)
*   [TWS API Documentation](index.md)
*   [22 Market Data: Live](22-live-md.md)
*   [22.02 5 Second Bars](22.02-live-bars.md)
*   [22.02.01 Request Real Time Bars](22.02.01-request-live-bars.md)

### Request Real Time Bars

#### 22.02.01 Request Real Time Bars

**tickerId:** int. Request identifier used to track data.

**contract:** Contract. The Contract object for which the depth is being requested

**barSize:** int. Currently being ignored

**whatToShow:** String. The nature of the data being retrieved:  
Available Values: TRADES, MIDPOINT, BID, ASK

**useRTH:** int. Set to 0 to obtain the data which was also generated outside of the Regular Trading Hours, set to 1 to obtain only the RTH data  
)

**realTimeBarOptions**: List<TagValue>. Internal use only.

Requests real time bars.

Only 5 seconds bars are provided. This request is subject to the same pacing as any historical data request: no more than 60 API queries in more than 600 seconds.

Real time bars subscriptions are also included in the calculation of the number of Level 1 market data subscriptions allowed in an account.

self.reqRealTimeBars(3001, contract, 5, "MIDPOINT", 0, \[\])

Code example:

from ibapi.client import \*
    from ibapi.wrapper import \*
    from ibapi.contract import Contract
    import time
    
    class TradeApp(EWrapper, EClient): 
        def \_\_init\_\_(self): 
            EClient.\_\_init\_\_(self, self) 
    
        def realtimeBar(self, reqId: TickerId, time:int, open\_: float, high: float, low: float, close: float, volume: Decimal, wap: Decimal, count: int):
            print("RealTimeBar. TickerId:", reqId, RealTimeBar(time, -1, open\_, high, low, close, volume, wap, count))
        
    app = TradeApp()      
    app.connect("127.0.0.1", 7496, clientId=1)
    
    contract = Contract() 
    contract.symbol = "AAPL" 
    contract.secType = "STK" 
    contract.currency = "USD" 
    contract.exchange = "SMART" 
    
    app.reqRealTimeBars(3001, contract, 5, "TRADES", 0, \[\])
    
    app.run()