*   [TWS API](../index.md)
*   [TWS API Documentation](index.md)
*   [22 Market Data: Live](22-live-md.md)
*   [22.08 Top of Book (L1)](22.08-watchlist-data.md)
*   [22.08.05 Regulatory Snapshots](22.08.05-regulatory-snapshot.md)

### Regulatory Snapshots

The fifth argument to reqMktData specifies a regulatory snapshot request to US stocks and options.

For stocks, there are individual exchange-specific market data subscriptions necessary to receive streaming quotes. For instance, for NYSE stocks this subscription is known as “Network A”, for ARCA/AMEX stocks it is called “Network B” and for NASDAQ stocks it is “Network C”. Each subscription is added a la carte and has a separate market data fee.

Alternatively, there is also a “US Securities Snapshot Bundle” subscription which does not provide streaming data but which allows for real time calculated snapshots of US market NBBO prices. By setting the 5th parameter in the function EClient::reqMktData to **True**, a regulatory snapshot request can be made from the API. The returned value is a calculation of the current market state based on data from all available exchanges.

**Important: Each regulatory snapshot made will incur a fee of 0.01 USD to the account. This applies to both live _and_ paper accounts.**. If the monthly fee for regulatory snapshots reaches the price of a particular ‘Network’ subscription, the user will automatically be subscribed to that Network subscription for continuous streaming quotes and charged the associated fee for that month. At the end of the month the subscription will be terminated. Each listing exchange will be capped independently and will not be combined across listing exchanges.

Requesting regulatory snapshots is subject to pacing limitations:

*   No more than one request per second.

The following table lists the cost and maximum allocation for regulatory snapshot quotes:

| Listed Network Feed | Price per reqSnapshot request | Pro or non-Pro | Max reqSnapshot request |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| NYSE (Network A/CTA) | 0.01 USD | Pro | 4500 |
| NYSE (Network A/CTA) | 0.01 USD | Non-Pro | 150 |
| AMEX (Network B/CTA) | 0.01 USD | Pro | 2300 |
| AMEX (Network B/CTA) | 0.01 USD | Non-Pro | 150 |
| NASDAQ (Network C/UTP) | 0.01 USD | Pro | 2300 |
| NASDAQ (Network C/UTP) | 0.01 USD | Non-Pro | 150 |