*   [TWS API](../index.md)
*   [TWS API Documentation](index.md)
*   [27 Orders](27-orders.md)
*   [27.03 Exercise Options](27.03-exercise-options.md)

### Exercise Options

Options are exercised or lapsed from the API with the function EClient.exerciseOptions.

*   Option exercise will appear with order status side = “BUY” and limit price of 0, but only at the time the request is made
*   Option exercise can be distinguished by price = 0

### 27.03 Exercise Options

**tickerId:** int. Exercise request’s identifier

**contract:** Contract. the option Contract to be exercised.

**exerciseAction:** int. Set to 1 to exercise the option, set to 2 to let the option lapse.

**exerciseQuantity:** int. Number of contracts to be exercised

**account:** String. Destination account

**ovrd:** int. Specifies whether your setting will override the system’s natural action.  
Set to 1 to override, set to 0 not to.

For example, if your action is “exercise” and the option is not in-the-money, by natural action the option would not exercise. If you have override set to “yes” the natural action would be overridden and the out-of-the money option would be exercised.

**manualOrderTime:** String. Specify the time at which the options should be exercised. An empty string will assume the current time.  
Required TWS API 10.26 or higher.  
)

Exercises an options contract.

**Note:** this function is affected by a TWS setting which specifies if an exercise request must be finalized.

self.exerciseOptions(5003, contract, 1, 1, self.account, 1, "")